README.md, before:

cron-editor
===
FORK: AngularMaterial

A library that helps the user graphically build a CRON expression using Angular 2+. It is a fork of the  vincentjames501's [angular-cron-gen](https://github.com/vincentjames501/angular-cron-gen) for AngularJS 1.5+ and claudiuconstantin's [cron-editor(https://github.com/claudiuconstantin/cron-editor)]. 

**The main additions of this fork are support for standard Linux cron expressions (with reduced functionallity given the restrictions of the original format). Also the component was upgraded to support Angular Material and Angular 6+.**

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.6.1. To run the sample app just run `npm run start` and go to `http://localhost:4444/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Demo

A work-in-progress demo can be found [here](https://esarmientoe.github.io/cron-editor/)

## Usage

1. Install the npm package:
    ```
    $ npm i cron-editor -S
    ```

2. Import the module in your own module:

    ```ts
    import { CronEditorModule } from "cron-editor";

    @NgModule({
        imports: [..., CronEditorModule],
    ...
    })
    export class MyModule {
    }
    ```

3. Use the component in your html code:

    ```html
    <cron-editor [(cron)]="cronExpression"></cron-editor>
    ```

4. That's it, you're done!

## Options

```html
<cron-editor [(cron)]="cronExpression" [options]="cronOptions"></cron-editor>
```

```ts
import { CronOptions } from "cron-editor/cron-editor";

@Component({
    ...
})
export class MyComponent {
   public cronOptions: CronOptions = {
       formInputClass: 'form-control cron-editor-input',
       formSelectClass: 'form-control cron-editor-select',
       formRadioClass: 'cron-editor-radio',
       formCheckboxClass: 'cron-editor-checkbox',
       
       defaultTime: "00:00:00",

       hideMinutesTab: false,
       hideHourlyTab: false,
       hideDailyTab: false,
       hideWeeklyTab: false,
       hideMonthlyTab: false,
       hideYearlyTab: false,
       hideAdvancedTab: true,
       hideSpecificWeekDayTab : false,
       hideSpecificMonthWeekTab : false,

       use24HourTime: true,
       hideSeconds: false,

       cronFlavor: "quartz" //standard or quartz
    };
}
```

## License:
Licensed under the MIT license

Commit message:

Updated to support Angular 8
Significant refactor from the forked codebase. Updated dependencies to
support Angular 8. Cleaned up readme and documentation. Fixed build
setup. Fixed issues that were overlooked when porting this to Material
design in the previous fork.

README.md, after:

Angular Material Design Cron Editor
===

A library that helps the user graphically build a CRON expression using Angular 8+. 

This library has a long history. It is a fork of the  vincentjames501's [angular-cron-gen](https://github.com/vincentjames501/angular-cron-gen) 
for AngularJS 1.5+ and claudiuconstantin's [cron-editor(https://github.com/claudiuconstantin/cron-editor)] to create an Angular 8+, Material design
editor.

![screenshot](docs/screenshot.png)

To run the sample app just run `npm run start` and go to `http://localhost:4444/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

This library is published to NPM: `@zapinfo/ngx-cron-editor`

## Demo

A work-in-progress demo can be found [here](https://esarmientoe.github.io/cron-editor/)

## Usage

1. Install the npm package:
    ```
    $ npm i ngx-cron-editor -S
    ```

2. Import the module in your own module:

    ```ts
    import { CronEditorModule } from '@zapinfo/ngx-cron-editor';

    @NgModule({
        imports: [..., CronEditorModule],
    ...
    })
    export class MyModule {
    }
    ```

3. Use the component in your html code:

    ```html
    <cron-editor [(cron)]="cronExpression"></cron-editor>
    ```

4. That's it, you're done!

## Options

```html
<cron-editor [(cron)]="cronExpression" [options]="cronOptions"></cron-editor>
```

```ts
import { CronOptions } from "@zapinfo/ngx-cron-editor";

@Component({
    ...
})
export class MyComponent {
   public cronOptions: CronOptions = {
       formInputClass: 'form-control cron-editor-input',
       formSelectClass: 'form-control cron-editor-select',
       formRadioClass: 'cron-editor-radio',
       formCheckboxClass: 'cron-editor-checkbox',
       
       defaultTime: "00:00:00",

       hideMinutesTab: false,
       hideHourlyTab: false,
       hideDailyTab: false,
       hideWeeklyTab: false,
       hideMonthlyTab: false,
       hideYearlyTab: false,
       hideAdvancedTab: true,
       hideSpecificWeekDayTab : false,
       hideSpecificMonthWeekTab : false,

       use24HourTime: true,
       hideSeconds: false,

       cronFlavor: CronFlavor.quartz
    };
}
```

## License:

Licensed under the MIT license
